✨(circle) add a hub job to push a built image on docker hub (#4)
openfun/openedx-ecommerce-docker: CHANGELOG.md

- First draft of the OpenEdx E-Commerce service docker image (target release
  defaults to the `master` branch)

> - Job on circleci to push images on docker hub

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Job on CircleCI to publish images on DockerHub
```

Author: s/images/image no ?

Reviewer: Nope, because there is also the `latest` image for tagged releases.

Author: > ok boomer
